Add note about YAUAA superseeding UA (#179)
snowplow/documentation: docs/enriching-your-data/available-enrichments/ua-parser-enrichment/index.md

With the device family field which is part of the context you can also benefit from the lookup done with our database to sort the multitude of different devices into higher level device types like desktop, mobile, tablet, other, etc.

:::note

> The [YAUAA Enrichment](../yauaa-enrichment/index.md) superseeds this enrichment and is preferrable in most cases as it will generate a richer dataset, in the form of an attached entity, from the `User-Agent` header. However, if you would like the atomic fields `device_type`, `useragent_*` and `os_*` populated in your warehouse, you can continue to use this enrichment.

Author: I actually realise what I wrote is wrong here. The atomic fields are from the deprecated `User Agent utils` enrichment which we don't even have a page for. YAUAA is still preferable and I'll do a clearer comparison.

With the device family field which is part of the context you can also benefit from the lookup done with our database to sort the multitude of different devices into higher level device types like desktop, mobile, tablet, other, etc.

:::note

The [YAUAA Enrichment](../yauaa-enrichment/index.md) supersedes this enrichment and is preferable in most cases as it will generate a richer dataset. 

> You can continue to use the UA Parser Enrichment. It is useful if you have memory constraints running the Enrich application as the YAUAA enrichment uses significantly more memory. Additionally, the UA Parser enrichment does further parsing of the Operating System and Browser Version numbers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can continue to use the UA Parser Enrichment. It is handy if you have memory constraints running the Enrich application, as it uses significantly less memory than the YAUAA enrichment. Additionally, the UA Parser enrichment does further parsing of the Operating System and Browser Version numbers.
```

> Both enrichments will produce an additional entity attached to an event based on the information available in the `User-Agent` header of the request from a users browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both enrichments will produce an additional entity attached to an event, based on the information available in the `User-Agent` header of the request from a user’s browser.
```

<details>

<summary>UA Parser vs YAUAA Output</summary>

> | UA Parser Output  | YAUAA Output                                 | Example (Firefox 106 on Mac OS X)       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| UA Parser Field  | YAUAA Field                                 | Example (Firefox 106 on Mac OS X)       |
```
